1) What does the '-g' flag present in the gcc command do?
	It enables the built in debugging support that allows us to use GDB for debugging.

2) What is the value of the ‘char*‘ argument that was passed last into the print scrambled() function? Can you guess what caused the segmentation fault based on this information?
	The value is 0x0, which means it's null. Trying to dereference a null pointer causes the segmentation fault.

3) What is the address of the stack pointer and frame pointer before the seg fault? Based on this
information, can you figure out where the ‘char*‘ argument is stored on the stack before the segmentation fault occurred?
	Before the seg fault, the address of the stack pointer is 0x7fffffffde90 and the address of the frame pointer is 0x7fffffffdeb0. Since I am using a 64-bit system and memory address grow towards lower addresses, based on this information the char* argument is stored at the memory address 8 bytes back, which is 0x7fffffffde98.

4) Part 1. In which function did the segfault occur?
   	It occurred in the setint function.
   Part 2. Which line of the source code caused the segfault?
	Line 8 of the source code caused the segfault.
   Part 3. Who is the caller of this function?
	Main is the caller of this function.
   Part 4. What is the PC address at which the segfault occurred?
	The PC address where the segfault occurred is 0x400628.

5) Memset is linked to the address 0x7ffff7a9e190 in memory. I figured this out by first setting a break point at main, running the program, and then, after the linker's initial run, by setting a break point at memset, which then gave the address in memory to which the function memset was linked to.

6) The first five instructions of memset() are 0x7ffff7a9e200, 0x7ffff7a9e205, 0x7ffff7a9e208, 0x7ffff7a9e20d, and 0x7ffff7a9e212. Memset() does use a different stack than the user space stack. I know this because the PC addresses of the instructions in the memset() function are wildly different than the PC addresses linked to the instructions in the gdb_example2.c file.

7) Because the destination array is shorter than the source array, strcpy() writes past the defined-end of writable memory (as defined by the length of the destination array), which causes undefined behavior and results in the backtrace command not being able to accurately retrace, in memory, the steps (function calls) leading up to the segfault. 
